Hello friends, how are you all? Some time
ago I made a video
about PhonePe insurance. What happened was that
I had taken PhonePe insurance and when
my bike was damaged, when I was making a claim,
I was not getting the claim.
So you guys should watch this video in full detail about
what is PhonePe insurance.
You enter your bike number
or car number in PhonePe and you get the
insurance easily. Okay, you get
insurance. You can take one year
insurance, you can take two years insurance from there. It is available for up
to 5 years, so
maybe you can take it for up to 5 years. So
I took one year insurance. So what happened
when I took one year insurance?
When you take insurance, the
paper, the document, when you
enter your number, is sent to your email
ID. The second thing is what is
wrong in that. When you
take insurance, the address is the
official address of the company from which you have taken the insurance. Your address is not there. So
what do you have to do in that when you  If you
download the document, the
customer care number will be given in the document,
you have to call on the customer care number
and after calling, when you say that my
address is wrong and I want to change it, then the
customer care will easily
change your address, okay, it will change it
and that address will be
updated within a week, many people had
complaints that the address has been given wrong,
a lot of comments came, so
when the address is given wrong, then the document you will get,
okay, you will get the paper on your
email ID, in that document
you will call on the customer care number, then
they will change your address and it will be
updated after a week, so when you
download the new document, your
updated address will be there, the first thing is done, the second
thing is the claim, I did not get the claim, I
called, when I spoke to the customer care,
they said talk to them, talk to them,
so when I did, I did not get the claim,
but yes, after five days, I called
Reliance, after 1 day,
they themselves called me and they themselves took
my information.  I got all the work done and at that time I thought it was a
fraud that online insurance is a
fraud but later I came to know that it is not a
fraud when you take online
insurance from any application, whether you take it
from Phone Pay or from anyone else, then
when your bike gets damaged from the company whose insurance you take,
how do you make a claim,
you have to call the customer care,
not the customer care of Phone Pay, you have to
call the customer care of the company from which you have taken insurance
and talk to the customer care and
when you tell the customer care that your
bike got damaged like this, they will
ask you all the details, how did it happen, when did it happen, where did it happen, when will it happen, when will it be
transferred to the agent, when will it be transferred to the agent, then the
agent of your area, that agent of that company will
call you himself, when he calls himself, you have to
talk to the showroom where you have taken your bike or your car, the showroom person will talk, the
showroom person will understand, then what happens is that
when you go, the showroom person will tell you
You know what insurance is, right? If
you ask what happens, they will say
that I will repair the bike for you, you give
me the full amount and you can take the
money from the insurance guy, but this is not the case.
Look at the insurance guy,
how much insurance claim you get, it is available at 50%. So what
happens is that when
you take it to the showroom, the showroom guy will pay the
money to the showroom only,
not to you. Therefore, it is not that you do
not have to pay even a rupee to the showroom guy. The insurance guy there
handles the insurance business, only he has the
knowledge, apart from him no one will be able to understand this thing.
Everyone will tell you the same thing
that I will repair it for you, you
give me the money, you can take it from the insurance guy,
but this does not happen, you have to talk to the right person
who handles the insurance business
there. When you go and talk there,
your insurance agent will
talk to him and explain everything to him.
By the way, your
agent himself will tell you to take it to this showroom,
I will talk to him here.  So the agent will
talk to you himself and
you will get the claim on Rs. 50 very easily. For example,
if the expense on your bike is Rs. 20,000, then the
insurance company will give
Rs. 00. You will have to pay Rs. 10,00,000 for the claim, you will
get the claim on Rs. 50. You will
not get a claim more than Rs. 50 online, whatever it may be, let's say
if your
expense is Rs. 30,000, then for Rs. 30,000, that means whatever
value is applied, when you enter your number there,
or enter the number of your bike, it will
itself show you how much value is being applied
for your bike, up to that much, for example, if the
value is applied for Rs. 20,000, then you will
get the claim only within Rs. 20,000. It is not that
you will get a claim of Rs. 50,000, that will be
shown first, as to how much value you are getting,
you will get the insurance claim accordingly as per the value you get.
I had made a video that it is a fraud,
I did not get the insurance claim, I did not get it at
that time, so when I  If I get it, then it is
my responsibility to show you the right thing, the right
thing, the right thing, so
you can get insurance online also,
insurance is available very easily,
you will get it in just one minute,
but yes, the address you have online will be
wrong and what will you have to do to correct the address, to
correct the address you will have to talk to the customer care, the
customer care will correct your address
and when you download the new document,
your address will be
corrected in it, so I hope you all have
understood, we will meet again with that video, till then take
care of yourself, Jai Hind, Jai Bharat